---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About"
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

The Data Analysis Networking Group (_DANG!_) is a forum for post-docs, grad
students, and other researchers at the University of Michigan to discuss how to
analyze, present, and visualize their data. Monthly meetings cover requested
topics or specific problems & solutions that we have encountered. Don't know how
to visualize your results? Come to _DANG!_, and hopefully as a group we can come
up with a method. Did you recently discover an amazing R package or script? Come
to _DANG!_, and share with us how you accomplished that. Our hope is that these
meetings & discussions will foster new ideas within our respective fields.

_DANG!_ is proud to be supported by a [Rackham Interdisciplinary
Workshop](https://rackham.umich.edu/faculty-and-staff/faculty-and-program-funding/rackham-interdisciplinary-workshops/)
grant.

## Get Involved!

Check out our past and upcoming events [here](events). You can find tutorials
and other video content on our [YouTube
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6LcVfSQZJtaYYFSnn9p4IA).

Join our [MCommunity Group](https://mcommunity.umich.edu/#group:umich%20dang)
and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/um_dang) to get updates about
upcoming meetings, events, & new videos. Join our [Slack
workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/umich-dang/shared_invite/enQtNjEzMTU5MDU3MDU2LTdhNGZjMzJmNDc0NTFkZDVkMjBmMjFhM2ZjN2QzMGY2ZDcwMTU4ZTcwOTdjZTJmMGI3MTExMGIxOTljMjllMzA)
to stay connected with the _DANG!_ community. (New to Slack? [Here's how to get
started!](https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/218080037-Getting-started-for-new-members))

We're always looking for community members to get involved with planning &
leading our meetings or creating videos. If you have a topic idea or would like
to present, sign up by contacting us at
[umich.dang-requests@umich.edu](mailto:umich.dang-requests@umich.edu). Anyone
can lead a meeting or create a video! Check out our
[events](https://um-dang.github.io/events) and
[videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6LcVfSQZJtaYYFSnn9p4IA) to see topics
we've covered recently.

---

_DANG!_ is committed to providing a safe and welcoming environment for
everybody. We expect all participants to adhere to our [Code of
Conduct](code-of-conduct).